README.md, before:

# SPT-Mods


This is the current running master copy of OZR mods for Single Player Tarkov

To use these mods, you must already have Single Player Tarkov installed and updated to the latest version.

Install: 
1. Download the latest SPT-Mods.vX.X.zip from here https://github.com/greyhammer/SPT-Mods/releases
2. extract contents
3. copy `BepInEx` and `user` folders to the Single Player Tarkov directory
4. Launch Single Player Tarkov like normal
5. Profit?? 

Also, We made a script for launching the server and launcher in one click.
`SPT.bat`, which is included in the release zip archive.
```
E:
cd E:\SinglePlayerTarkov
start "" .\Aki.Server.exe
timeout 15
start "" .\Aki.Launcher.exe
exit
```
You will need to edit the file and adjust the first 2 lines to point to your Single Player Tarkov folder.  
In the example above, its in E:\SinglePlayerTarkov  
After editing and saving, you can just double click that `SPT.bat` file  
The server and launcher will start, after server window says happy playing, then refresh the launcher and it should connect.  

Current Mods
* [Custom Interactions](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/1278-custom-interactions) v1.1.1
* [GamePanelHUD](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/652-game-panel-hud/) v2.7.1
* [Item Context Menu Extended](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/1283-item-context-menu-extended) v1.0.1
* [Looting Bots](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/1096-looting-bots/) v1.1.0
* [Realistic Flir Thermal Scope](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/1201-realistic-flir-thermal-scope-60hz-320-240px-and-range/) v1.3
* [Realistic Reap-Ir Thermal Scope](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/1302-realistic-reap-ir-thermal-scope-60hz-640-320px/) v1.0.0
* [SAIN 2.0](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/1062-sain-2-0-solarint-s-ai-modifications-full-ai-combat-system-replacement/) Version 2.0 Beta 3.3 for 3.5.8
* [Simple Wave AI Generator (SWAG)](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/878-swag-simple-wave-ai-generator/#tab_dbb2762a38dd640140e33993c19f0e5cd129c780) v2.0.1
* [Softcore](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/998-softcore/?highlight=softcore) v1.4.0
* [SPT Realism Mod](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/606-spt-realism-mod/) v0.8.72
* [TheBlacklist](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/1012-the-blacklist-flea-market-enhancements/?highlight=the%20blacklist) v1.1.0
* [Valens Has The Power](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/613-valens-has-the-power/#overview) v1.2.1
* [Visceral Dismemberment](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/1092-visceral-dismemberment/#tab_9a55fd25c7cb92ce0fe6aa067b18169b3daa3f7c) v1.1
* [Waypoints - Expanded Bot Patrols And Navmesh](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/1119-waypoints-expanded-bot-patrols-and-navmesh/) v1.1.2

### Contributing
Please create feature branch, and increment VERSION according to https://semver.org/  
Update CHANGELONG with your changes  
Then create Pull Request from your feature branch to main branch   
After PR is approved it will trigger CI/CD pipeline and release generation

Commit message:

Update README for legacy version

README.md, after:

# SPT-Mods


This is v1 of OZR mods for Single Player Tarkov, designed to be run with SPT-AKI 3.5.8

Version 2 has since released to support SPT-AKI 3.6.1

To use these mods, you must already have Single Player Tarkov installed and updated to the latest version.

Install: 
1. Download the latest SPT-Mods.vX.X.zip from here https://github.com/greyhammer/SPT-Mods/releases
2. extract contents
3. copy `BepInEx` and `user` folders to the Single Player Tarkov directory
4. Launch Single Player Tarkov like normal
5. Profit?? 

Also, We made a script for launching the server and launcher in one click.
`SPT.bat`, which is included in the release zip archive.
```
E:
cd E:\SinglePlayerTarkov
start "" .\Aki.Server.exe
timeout 15
start "" .\Aki.Launcher.exe
exit
```
You will need to edit the file and adjust the first 2 lines to point to your Single Player Tarkov folder.  
In the example above, its in E:\SinglePlayerTarkov  
After editing and saving, you can just double click that `SPT.bat` file  
The server and launcher will start, after server window says happy playing, then refresh the launcher and it should connect.  

Current Mods
* [Custom Interactions](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/1278-custom-interactions) v1.1.1
* [GamePanelHUD](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/652-game-panel-hud/) v2.7.1
* [Item Context Menu Extended](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/1283-item-context-menu-extended) v1.0.1
* [Looting Bots](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/1096-looting-bots/) v1.1.0
* [Realistic Flir Thermal Scope](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/1201-realistic-flir-thermal-scope-60hz-320-240px-and-range/) v1.3
* [Realistic Reap-Ir Thermal Scope](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/1302-realistic-reap-ir-thermal-scope-60hz-640-320px/) v1.0.0
* [SAIN 2.0](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/1062-sain-2-0-solarint-s-ai-modifications-full-ai-combat-system-replacement/) Version 2.0 Beta 3.3 for 3.5.8
* [Simple Wave AI Generator (SWAG)](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/878-swag-simple-wave-ai-generator/#tab_dbb2762a38dd640140e33993c19f0e5cd129c780) v2.0.1
* [Softcore](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/998-softcore/?highlight=softcore) v1.4.0
* [SPT Realism Mod](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/606-spt-realism-mod/) v0.8.72
* [TheBlacklist](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/1012-the-blacklist-flea-market-enhancements/?highlight=the%20blacklist) v1.1.0
* [Valens Has The Power](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/613-valens-has-the-power/#overview) v1.2.1
* [Visceral Dismemberment](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/1092-visceral-dismemberment/#tab_9a55fd25c7cb92ce0fe6aa067b18169b3daa3f7c) v1.1
* [Waypoints - Expanded Bot Patrols And Navmesh](https://hub.sp-tarkov.com/files/file/1119-waypoints-expanded-bot-patrols-and-navmesh/) v1.1.2

### Contributing
Please create feature branch, and increment VERSION according to https://semver.org/  
Update CHANGELONG with your changes  
Then create Pull Request from your feature branch to main branch   
After PR is approved it will trigger CI/CD pipeline and release generation
